Model Registry Stack Component + MLFlow integration (#1309)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/component-gallery/model-registries/mlflow.md

* If you want to simplify the process of deploying models either to a production
environment or to a staging environment for testing.

## How do you deploy it?

The MLflow Experiment Tracker flavor is provided by the MLflow ZenML
integration, you need to install it on your local machine to be able to register
an MLflow Model Registry component. Note that MLFlow model registry requires
[MLFlow Experiment Tracker](../experiment-trackers/mlflow.md) to be present in
the stack.

```shell
zenml integration install mlflow -y
```

Once the MLflow integration is installed, you can register an MLflow Model
Registry component in your stack:

```shell
# Register the MLflow model registry
zenml model-registry register mlflow_model_registry --flavor=mlflow

# Register and set a stack with the new model registry
zenml stack register custom_stack -r mlflow_model_registry ... --set
```

{% hint style="info" %}
The MLFlow Model Registry will automatically use the same configuration as the
MLFlow Experiment Tracker. So if you have a remote MLFlow tracking server
configured in your stack, the MLFlow Model Registry will also use the same
configuration.
{% endhint %}

## How do you use it?

> 

Reviewer: Maybe you can add a line here saying that we have a whole example and that if someone wants to use it, visit this link etc..

### Built-in MLflow Model Registry step

After registering the MLflow Model Registry component in your stack, you can
use it in a pipeline by using the `mlflow_model_registry_step` which is a
built-in step that is provided by the MLflow ZenML integration. This step

> automatically register the model that was produced by the previous step in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically registers the model that was produced by the previous step in the
```

pipeline.

```python

> # Pipeline run with MLflow model registry step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
probably unnecessary here

mlflow_training_pipeline(
    importer=loader_mnist(),
    normalizer=normalizer(),
    trainer=tf_trainer(params=TrainerParameters(epochs=5, lr=0.003)),
    evaluator=tf_evaluator(),
    model_register=mlflow_register_model_step(
        params=MLFlowRegistryParameters(

>             name="Tensorflow-mnist-model",

Reviewer: What's the best practice here for naming models? First letter in caps? hyphenated? underscores?

Author: hmm i would replace all to `tensorflow-mnist-model` I think it`s better

>             description="A simple mnist model trained with zenml",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            description="A simple MNIST model trained with ZenML",
```

            tags={"framework": "tensorflow", "dataset": "mnist"},
            version_description=f"A run of the mlflow_training_pipeline with a learning rate of 0.0003",
        )
    ),
).run()
```

> ### ZenML Command line interface (CLI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Model Registry CLI Commands
```

    --model-uri="file:///.../mlruns/667102566783201219/3973eabc151c41e6ab98baeb20c5323b/artifacts/model" \
    --tags key1 value1 --tags key2 value2 \
    --description="A new version of the tensorflow model with accuracy 98.88%" \
    --zenml-pipeline-name="mlflow_training_pipeline"
```

### List of available parameters

To register a model version in the MLflow Model Registry, you need to provide
list of parameters. when you use the built-in step, most of the parameters are
automatically filled in for you. However, you can still override them if you
want to. The following table shows the list of available parameters.

* `name`: The name of the model. This is a required parameter.
* `description`: A description of the registered model.
* `tags`: A list of tags to associate with the registered model.
* `model_uri`: The path to the model. This is a required parameter.
* `version_description`: A description of the model version.
* `version_tags`: A list of tags to associate with the model version.
* `zenml_pipeline_name`: The name of the ZenML pipeline that produced the model.
* `zenml_pipeline_run_id`: The run id of the ZenML pipeline that produced the
model.

> * `zenml_pipeline_step_name`: The time when the ZenML pipeline that produced the

Reviewer: Seems like the name and description of this are different things?

Author: sorry didn't understand what does this mean

model was run.

{% hint style="info" %}
The `model_uri` parameter is the path to the model within the MLflow tracking
server. If you are using a local MLflow tracking server, the path will be
something like `file:///.../mlruns/667102566783201219/3973eabc151c41e6ab98baeb20c5323b/artifacts/model`.
If you are using a remote MLflow tracking server, the path will be something
like `s3://.../mlruns/667102566783201219/3973eabc151c41e6ab98baeb20c5323b/artifacts/model`.

You can find the path of the model in the MLflow UI. Go to the `Artifacts` tab
of the run that produced the model and click on the model. The path will be
displayed in the URL.

![MLflow UI](../../assets/mlflow/mlflow_ui_uri.png)
{% endhint %}

Check out the

> [API docs](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/integration_code_docs/integrations-mlflow/#zenml.integrations.mlflow.model_registry.MLFlowModelRegistry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[API docs](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/integration_code_docs/integrations-mlflow/#zenml.integrations.mlflow.model_registry.MLFlowModelRegistry) to see more about the interface and implementation.
```

> You can also check out our examples pages for working examples that use the
> MLflow Model Registry Example:
> 
> - [Manage Models with MLflow](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/tree/main/examples/mlflow_registry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [check out our examples page](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/tree/main/examples/mlflow_registry) for a working example that uses the
MLflow Model Registry.
```

When we have multiple we can change this to a list. Doesn't make sense right now.
